[Small update] Why use Datasets section (#2751)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-datasets.md

- Creating dependencies between DAGs. See [Cross-DAG Dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md).
- The Astro Python SDK. See [Using the Astro Python SDK](https://docs.astronomer.io/tutorials/astro-python-sdk).

## Why use datasets?

Datasets allow you to define explicit dependencies between DAGs and updates to your data. This helps you to:

> - Standardize communication between teams. Datasets can function like an API to communicate that data in a specific location has been updated and is ready for use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Standardize communication between teams. Datasets can function like an API to communicate when data in a specific location has been updated and is ready for use.
```

> - Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs do not depend on data being updated you can use a Dataset to trigger a DAG based on the completion of another DAG.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs do not depend on data being updated, you can use a dataset to trigger a DAG based on the completion of another DAG.
```

> - Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs do not depend on data being updated, you can use a dataset to trigger a DAG based on the completion of another DAG.

Reviewer: I think the sentence you have here conveys the overall! But it led me to question whether its necessary for the other DAG need to complete, or just when the dataset is done getting created/updated/edited? 
```suggestion
- Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs don't depend on data updates, you can create a trigger that initiates a DAG after another DAG saves an update to a dataset.
```

Author: Good point! Yes, it isn't necessary just a common pattern, your suggestion encompasses more use cases :) 
The only thing I wonder is terminology here, I think `updates a dataset` might be closer to the language in the OSS docs and other guides (https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/datasets.html#data-aware-scheduling). I have not seen `saves an update` (only `publishes to a dataset` but I think that could be confusing for people coming from the streaming world 😅 )

> - Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs don't depend on data updates, you can create a trigger that initiates a DAG after another DAG saves an update to a dataset.

Author: ```suggestion
- Reduce the amount of code necessary to implement [cross-DAG dependencies](cross-dag-dependencies.md). Even if your DAGs don't depend on data updates, you can create a trigger that initiates a DAG after a task in another DAG updates a dataset.
```

- Get better visibility into how your DAGs are connected and how they depend on data. The **Datasets** tab in the Airflow UI shows a graph of all dependencies between DAGs and datasets in your Airflow environment.

> - Reduce costs because Datasets do not use a worker slot in contrast to other implementations of cross-DAG dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduce costs, because datasets do not use a worker slot in contrast to sensors or other implementations of cross-DAG dependencies.
```
